think you can guess all the movies by
emojis
all right here we go
[Music]
an easy start it's spider-man or maybe
little miss muffet
[Music]
the karate kid plain and simple hey
wax on wax off
[Music]
look out it's jaws i'll bet you're
singing the theme song in your head
right now
[Music]
who you gonna call ghostbusters
jurassic park one of my favorites
the boy who lived harry potter
[Music]
the wizard of oz
of course it's thor man if i hit my
thumb with a hammer
i'd be thor too
[Music]
the boss baby bingo
hey any way you slice it it's edward
[Music]
scissorhands
that's all you need to guess titanic
love that one that's men in black
charlie in the chocolate factory classic
now it's okay if you guessed willy wonka
and the you-know-what
for me that's the better movie
that's teenage mutant ninja turtles
[Music]
did you recognize forrest gump
that one's marley and me
[Music]
monsters inc that's right
brave such a good movie
the most famous scene in e.t
another great movie it's moana you're
welcome
it's the devil wears prada
did you see joker
it's the silence of the lambs what's for
dinner
madagascar rydo
hey it's coco
what else can it be it's ratatouille
anyone can cook
ah they're getting tougher
that's mary poppins hey let's go fly a
kite
now this one stumped me it's money ball
i hope you got this one it's fantastic
beasts and where to find them
[Music]
great scott it's back to the future
surely you recognize twilight
million dollar baby
ah straight to the point it's planet of
the apes
bets emojis speak for home alone
[Music]
and this one's finding nemo
think literal for this one it's a
beautiful
i mine the flag instantly gave it away
yep
it's pirates of the caribbean
dumplings kung fu panda
is right
[Music]
now who hasn't seen the notebook besides
me
thing simple here king kong
the sound of music there it is
the chronicles of narnia
now think musicals it's mamma mia
ava got that one right
[Music]
now no need to overthink it's the jungle
book
ah that's clever it's transformers
ooh night at the museum now it makes
sense
ah the curious case of benjamin button
of course
[Music]
pretty tough
it's the truman show
[Music]
shrek you got it
and this one's the hunger games
[Music]
everyone's favorite epic saga star wars
did you recognize the revenant not after
the bear got him
oops spoiler
this is getting more challenging movie
buffs
it's a quiet place
highly recommended that's la la land
[Music]
decoded that's legally blonde
tricky
that's knives out
this is i am legend
oh the terminal
oh i see
it's interstellar
bonus points if you got this tuffy
that's
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind